Initial implementation (#1)
readthedocs/sphinx-multiproject: docs/configuration.rst

Configuration
=============

You can set the following options in your ``conf.py`` file.

.. confval:: sharedconf_docsets

   A dictionary defining the projects (docsets) that will share the configuration.

>    You must define at least one docset.

Reviewer: I've described this as "docset" as well, but perhaps "projects' is the nomenclature that most folks understand. Probably worth reflecting that in the configuration naming too if we want to clarify

Configuration
=============

You can set the following options in your ``conf.py`` file.

.. confval:: multiproject_projects

   A dictionary defining the projects that will share the configuration.
   You must define at least one project.

   Example:

   .. code-block:: python

      multiproject_projects = {
         "dev": {},
         "user": {},
      }

   Each project can have the following options:

   .. confval:: path

>       By default it's the same as the name of the project.
>       It can be a relative (to the conf.py file) or an absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Path to the nested project's ``conf.py`` file.
      By default, the key name used in ``multiproject_projects`` is also the directory name for the nested project's ``conf.py`` file.
      This can be a relative path (to the main ``conf.py`` file) or an absolute path.
```

      Example:

      .. code-block:: python

         multiproject_projects = {
            "dev": {
               "path": "path/to/your/project/"
            },
         }

   .. confval:: config

      A dictionary of options specific to this project.

>       Useful if you don't want to have a specific ``conf.py`` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This is useful if you don't want to have a specific ``conf.py`` file
```

      for each project.

      .. warning::

         There are some options that can't be defined here,
         see :ref:`limitations:pre-init options`.

      Example:

      .. code-block:: python

         multiproject_projects = {
            "dev": {
               "config": {
                     "project": "My project",
               },
            },
         }

   .. confval:: use_config_file

>       If `True` the config from ``{path}/conf.py`` would be included for this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If ``True``, the configuration values from ``{path}/conf.py`` would be automatically imported when building this project.
```
